Preview 13 Ready for update (#16)
infinyon/stateful-dataflows-examples: primitives/key-value/input/README.MD

# Input Key/Value Example

> This is an example of consuming records with `key` and `value` from a fluvial topic. We've defined a function that reads key-value records from a topic, collapses them into a single value, and sends the result to a new topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of sourcing records with `key` and `value` from a fluvio topic. We've defined a function that reads key-value records from a topic, collapses them into a single value, and sends the result to a new topic.
```

Author: good catch.

* See the [dataflow.yaml](./dataflow.yaml) to see how we've configured the dataflow.

> * Make sure to [Install SDF and start a Fluvio cluster].

Reviewer: We'll need updated urls here

```suggestion
* Make sure to [Install SDF](---url---) and [start a Fluvio cluster](---url---).
```
